W 12141803 timezoneshandling se (#104)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/processautomation-deploy.adoc

Select the checkbox *Send email notification to all related users* when the task is ready for processing if you want all specified users to receive an email as soon as they are supposed to process a user task. This email contains the name of the user task, the process, and the project manager, as well as a prompt to review the pending tasks in the *My RPA* module.
* *Execution*:
+

> Decide whether the productive run is to be carried out in an existing desktop session or in a secure session, and specify an appropriate user.

Author: I think you run applications and deploy configurations.

-> Decide whether to deploy the production configuration in an...

> Decide whether the productive run is to be carried out in an existing desktop session or in a secure session, and specify an appropriate user.

Author: @dhirsch1

Make sure the bot you want to execute the process is configured for the execution type, because you cannot save the test plan otherwise.
+
If the process uses elements of the Windows operating system like the start menu or the task bar, check *Requires Windows Shell*.
//copy this item to invokable configs
* *Process Trigger Execution*:
+

> The productive run is carried out continuously within a fixed schedule. For each schedule, you can define time intervals within which the process is to be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The productive run is carried out continuously within a fixed schedule. For each schedule, you can define time intervals within which the process is executed.
```

+

> You create a schedule without specifying a time zone. The bot you assign the production configuration to will execute the process at the specified times in its local time. The time intervals may change depending on daylight saving time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You create a schedule without specifying a time zone. The bot you assign the production configuration to will execute the process at the specified times in its local time. The time intervals can change depending on daylight saving time.
```

+

> For example, if you work in Buenos Aires (ART (UTC -3)), specify a schedule starting at 5:30 AM and ending at 9:30 PM and assign the configuration to three bots installed on computers in Berlin, San Francisco, and Tokyo, the bots will execute the processes not simultaneously:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you work in Buenos Aires (ART (UTC -3)), specify a schedule that starts at 5:30 AM and ends at 9:30 PM and assign the configuration to three bots installed on computers in Berlin, San Francisco, and Tokyo, the bots do not execute the processes simultaneously:
```

+
[cols="1,2,2"]
|===
|*Bot* |*Execution time in the bot's local time zone* |*Execution time in the argentine user's local time zone*

|Berlin bot
|5:30 AM - 9:30 PM (Berlin time,  (CET (UTC +1)) =
|1:30 AM - 5:30 PM (Buenos Aires time (ART (UTC -3)))

|San Francisco bot
|5:30 AM - 9:30 PM (San Francisco time, (PST (UTC -8)) =
|10:30 AM - 2:30 AM (Buenos Aires time (ART (UTC -3)))

|Tokyo bot

> |5:30 *AM* - 9:30 PM (Tokyo time, JST (UTC +9)) =

Author: Because I oversaw...

> |5:30 *AM* - 9:30 PM (Tokyo time, JST (UTC +9)) =

Reviewer: I am not sure what you mean

+
* *Activity Parameter*:
+

> The activity parameters for each process are created in RPA Builder and are given initial values there. You can overwrite these values with new initial values by double-clicking on the relevant field in the *Value* column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The activity parameters for each process are created in RPA Builder and given initial values there. You can overwrite these values with new initial values by double-clicking on the relevant field in the *Value* column.
```
